what's up gamers is d from Hollow games
and have mortal kombat vs DC universe
for you guys today I've educational
videos on walkthroughs and showcases all
the fights and all the cutscenes for
more videos of the series go to Mahalo
calm / MK vs DC WT
may the Elder Gods finds you in another
realm for your treachery sorcerer this
is liu kang sonya here have you found k
no I almost caught up with him but he
disappeared I did get close enough to
tag him I've been trying to initiate a
techna portal to his current location
but I can't stabilize it how goes your
search for subzero the Lin Kuei are not
behind this they are suffering losses as
well I think there is a new threat I
fought a warrior something resembling a
red devil with the bolt of lightning on
his chest at first I thought it was
Shang Tsung transforming his appearance
I have ruled out that possibility this
is a different warrior all together I
clearly sense an abnormality in his Chi
the energy that courses through all
things in the universe this aura is
unlike anything I have seen before I
will try to attune to it I don't do
anything crazy Liu Kang I will be fine
you may be the champion of mortal kombat
but you are not invincible
Liu Kang come in Liu Kang something must
have gone wrong
kitana this is sonya blade please
respond katana here something happened
to Lu Kang he may need help my tecno
portals are unstable and I can't risk
ending up in the middle of nowhere can
you portal to him unfortunately no there
is a crisis here in Outworld that
demands my full attention I do not have
time to explain understood i'll have to
go there myself I will join you when I
can Sonya out if the portal was working
properly I could get to Liu Kang
immediately the destination is too
erratic I can't risk emerging in the
wrong place or worse bringing something
here it's a little late to be worrying
about that who are you I'm Catwoman and
I really need to be getting back to
Gotham City so if you could just maybe
security breach portal room initiate
immediate lockdown you aren't going
anywhere
honey I have a fake all right then no
one cages this kitty Oh long flight
for it
Sophia wins
you